End User and Developer Source License Agreement (EUaDSLA)
TODO: this license needs a name and a proper Exhibit A.

1. Definitions

- "Copyright Holder" means the individual(s) or organization(s) named in the
  copyright notice of any substantial part of the Covered Software, including
  any Contributor(s) that claim copyright on this software or any substantial
  part thereof.

- "Contributor" means any party that has contributed code or other material to
  the Covered Software.

- "Covered Software" means Source Code Form to which the initial Contributor
  has attached the notice in Exhibit A, the Executable Form of such Source Code
  Form, and Modifications of such Source Code Form, in each case including
  portions thereof.

- "Larger Work" means a work that combines Covered Software with other
  material or code, in a separate file or files, that is not Covered Software.

- "Derivative Works" means the Covered Software, if it has been modified,
  and/or software that contains any substantial part of the Covered Software.

- "You" and "your" means any person who would like to copy, distribute, or
  modify the Covered Software.

- "This License" means this document.

- "Source" form means the source code, documentation source, and configuration
  files for the Covered Software.

- "Compiled" form means the compiled bytecode, object code, binary, or any
  other form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of the
  Source form.

- "Your Distribution" means the Covered Software or a Derivative Work or a
  Larger Work thereof when redistributed by "You".

2. Disclaimer

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In
no event will the Copyright Holder(s) and/or Contributor(s) be held liable for
any damages arising from the use of this software.

3. License Grants and Conditions

3.1 Right of Usage

The Copyright Holder(s) hereby grant You the perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable permission to use this
software for any purpose, without restriction, to study the source code and
to create Derivative Works of it, subject to the following condition:

- You may not alter or remove the copyright notice from the Source form of the
  Covered Software and/or Derivative Works thereof. Any Derivative Work shall
  carry copyright notice in its Source form.
- The Source form may contain a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution.
  The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do
  not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within
  Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the
  NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices
  cannot be construed as modifying the License.

3.2 Rights to Redistribute the Source form

The Copyright Holder(s) hereby grant You the perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable permission to redistribute
the Covered Software and/or Derivative Works, alone or as part of Larger Works,
in Source form subject to the following conditions:

- The Source form must be redistributed under terms of This License with all of
  its rights retained and no further restriction added.
- The Source form must not be sublicensed under any other license.
- A Larger Work containing the Source form of the Covered Software and/or the
  Derivate Works may be licensed under a different license, with exception of
  the Covered Software and/or the Derivate Works.
- If the Source form of the Covered Software includes a "NOTICE" text file as
  part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works or Larger Work that You
  distribute must include a copy of the attribution notices contained within
  such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
  the Derivative Works, in a "NOTICE" text file distributed as part of the
  Derivative Works.

3.3 Rights to Redistribute the Compiled form

The Copyright Holder(s) hereby grant You the perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable permission to redistribute
the Covered Software and/or Derivative Works, alone or as part of Larger Works,
in Compiled form subject to the following conditions:

- If the Source form of the Covered Software includes a "NOTICE" text file as
  part of its distribution, then any Covered Software, Derivative Works or
  Larger Work that You Distribute (Your Distribution) must include a readable
  copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding
  those notices that do not pertain to any part of Your Distribution, in the
  following places:
  within the documentation, if provided along with Your Distribution;
  within a display generated by Your Distribution, if and wherever such
  third-party notices normally appear;
  within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of Your Distribution, if there
  was no other place for the inclusion of these attribution notices.
- Your Compiled form CANNOT be licensed under This License, UNLESS it
  accompanies the Source form of Derivative Works or Larger Work you distribute
  under This License; and/or the Source form of the Covered Software.
- Your Compiled form MUST be licensed under This License, IF it accompanies the
  Source form of Derivative Works or Larger Work you distribute under
  This License; and/or the Source form of the Covered Software.

3.4 Rights to Sublicense the Compiled form

The Copyright Holder(s) hereby grant You the perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable permission to sublicense,
and/or sell copies of, the Covered Software and/or Derivative Works, alone or
as part of Larger Works, in Compiled form subject to the following conditions:

- All conditions from Section 3.3  "Rights to Redistribute the Compiled form".
- If the Source form of the Covered Software includes a "NOTICE" text file as
  part of its distribution, then all advertising materials mentioning features
  or use of this software must display the attribution notices contained within
  such NOTICE file.
- Neither the name of the Copyright Holder(s) and/or the Contributor(s) may be
  used to endorse or promote products based on the Covered Software,
  Derivative Works and/or Larger Works without specific prior written
  permission.
- Products based on the Covered Software, Derivative Works and/or Larger Works
  may not use any trademark associated with the Covered Software without
  specific prior written permission.

Exhibit A:

   Copyright {yyyy} {name of copyright holder(s)}

   Licensed under the EUDLSA (the "License"); you may not use this file
   except in compliance with the License.
   This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
   warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
   arising from the use of this software.

